# Workshop Task 2: Refactoring CSS using Sass (SCSS)
## Objective
1. Refactor the repetitive CSS (`styles.css`) into SCSS (`styles.scss`).
2. Use variables, mixins, and nesting to improve maintainability.
3. See how SCSS compiles to CSS.

## Prerequisites
- Yarn: `npm install --global yarn`
- Install dependencies: `yarn`
- Run the dev server: `yarn dev`

## Instructions

1. Open `styles.css` and analyze the repetitive code.  
2. Open `styles.scss` and refactor the CSS of 1. using:
   - Variables for padding, colors, etc.
   - Mixins for reusable logic.
   - Nesting for better organization (if needed).
   - Sass documentation: `https://sass-lang.com/guide/`
3. Save your changes and compile `styles.scss` into `output.css`
   using `sass styles.scss output.css` 
   - Note: this step is usually done by some bundler tool / framework, e.g. Vite
     or Webpack, either locally within the dev server or when bundling the
     application for production. Here we do it manually, or via the `sass` npm script which uses the `--watch` option which automatically recompiles for every change.
4. _For the pros (OPTIONAL):_ Create a
   [Partial](https://sass-lang.com/guide/#partials) storing the color values and use it in
   your `styles.scss` file (imagine you want to re-use the colors in the future).

## To verify your solution 
- Remove the reference to `styles.css` in your `index.html` and verify that the markup is still rendered with the same style.

- Also check what files are generated by the `sass` preprocessor, and what is inside. Is it the same code as in the original CSS file?